0.3.0 release (#88)
pipecat-ai/rtvi-client-web: README.md

<h1><div align="center">
 <img alt="pipecat client web" width="500px" height="auto" src="pipecat-web.png">
</div></h1>

> [![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-blue)](https://docs.rtvi.ai)

Reviewer: Docs link: https://docs.pipecat.ai/client/introduction

- Provides callbacks and events for handling bot messages and actions.
- Optionally configures your AI services and pipeline.

> Docs and API reference can be found at https://docs.rtvi.ai.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docs and API reference can be found at https://docs.pipecat.ai/client/introduction.
```
